<-:| Survey2GIS |:->

COMPILING FROM SOURCE CODE

2017-11-06
Written by the survey-tools.org development team
(c) 2013-2017 by the survey-tools.org development team

This file contains information on how to compile Survey2GIS
from source code.

Survey2gGIS is written in ANSI C, is highly portable and
has minimal dependencies on 3rd party libraries.

The graphical user interface (GUI) requires GTK+ to be installed
on your system. In addition to the GTK+ libraries, you need
all header files and the 'pkg-config' script for things to
work out of the box. Both the GUI and the pure CLI versions
require GLib. The latter should be present on any system that
has GTK+.

Even without the GUI, some parts of GLIB (which underlies GTK)
are required by Survey2GIS.  

There are several 'makefiles' for building Survey2GIS on the
respective operating system:

Makefile.MinGW	-- for Windows
Makefile.Linux  -- for Linux
Makefile.MacOSX -- for Mac OS X   

These makefiles are for the GCC tool chain. There is no
support for Visual Studio or other (proprietary) tool chains.

Each Makefile contains more specific comments for compiling
the sources under the different OS. Please read them!

Check/edit the Makefile for your OS to make sure that it suits
your system's setup. 

(In the instructions below, replace "Makefile.Linux" with the
appropriate makefile four your OS, as required.)

First the build system needs to be configured. This is necessary
so that some bundled 3rd party libraries can compile correctly:

  make -f Makefile.Linux config

Then the source code can be compiled:

  make -f Makefile.Linux

This will compile Survey2GIS, as well as any bundled 3rd party
libraries on which it depends (read the makefile to find
further compilation targets if required).

After successful compilation, you will find a 'survey2gis'
executable which you can start directly to use the software.

Should you wish to start over, deleting all previous configurations
and compiled objects, issue:

  make -f Makefile.Linux clean
  
Then repeat the steps above.

Alternatively, to clean up the build system, regardless
which OS was used to configure and compile during the
previous run: 

  make -f Makefile clean

(Note that this may not work perfectly, and that it is better
to clean the build tree using the OS-specific makefile!)
